add kubeconfig support in discovery module (#8811)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/configuration.md

# One of endpoints, service, pod, node, or ingress.
role: <string>

# Optional kube_config will use kube_config file to connect to API server

> # `kube_config` the filepath of kubeconfig, default located at `~/.kube/config`

Reviewer: There is no real default, because by default we would use the in-cluster configuration.

Author: ok, I will fix it

> [ kube_config: <string> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ kube_config: <filename> ]
```

# One of endpoints, service, pod, node, or ingress.
role: <string>

> # Optional kube_config will use kube_config file to connect to API server

Reviewer: Suggestion:

Optional path to a kubeconfig file. Note that api_server and kube_config are mutually exclusive.

Author: thank's for suggestion

> # kubeconfig_file should be  an absolute path, or a path relative to prometheus's config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is the case for all the files.

Author: ok, I delete this .

# Note that api_server and kube_config are mutually exclusive.

> [ kube_config: <filename> ]

Reviewer: kubeconfig is never spelled in 2 words, what about using kubeconfig_file as parameter name? It would be more consistent with other fields.

Author: ok, I rename it .

role: <string>

# Optional kube_config will use kube_config file to connect to API server
# `kube_config` the filename of kube_config,

> # Note that api_server and kube_config should not specified at both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note that api_server and kube_config are mutually exclusive.
```
